▃▄▅▆█◣P.R.I.M.E Studios ◢█▆▅▄▃
▃▄▃▄ This is The Readme.md ▄▃▄▃ ▃▄▃▄ For P.R.I.M.E Studios▄▃▄▃ ▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃▃

Welcome To The Server Privacy Policy: Below you will find R.R.I.M.E Studios's Privacy, which is owned and ran by HawkSP

Collection and Use of Personal Information Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person.

You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with P.R.I.M.E Studios or an P.R.I.M.E Studios affiliated company. P.R.I.M.E Studios and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our services. You are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our the services we are offering or respond to any queries you may have.

Here are some examples of the types of personal information P.R.I.M.E Studios may collect and how we may use it.

What personal information we collect When you: purchase a product or donating, download a software affiliated with P.R.I.M.E Studios, contact us or participate in an online game, we may collect a variety of information, including your name P.R.I.M.E Studios will use such information to fulfill your requests, provide the relevant product or service, or for anti-fraud purposes.

How we use your personal information The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on P.R.I.M.E Studios latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events. You can opt out anytime by updating your preferences to an affiliate of P.R.I.M.E Studios. We also use personal information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, content and advertising, and for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes. We may use your personal information, including date of birth, to verify identity, assist with identification of users, and to determine appropriate services. For example, we may use date of birth to determine the age of P.R.I.M.E Studio's users to indicate maturity. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with P.R.I.M.E Studios, you may not opt out of receiving these communications. We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve products, services, and customer communications.

The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it: We may collect information such as occupation, language, location, and the time zone where a P.R.I.M.E Studio product is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising. We may collect information regarding customer activities on our website and from our other products and services. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. We may collect and store details of how you use our services. This information may be used to improve the relevancy of results provided by our services. Except in limited instances to ensure quality of our services over the Internet, such information will not be associated with your IP address. With your explicit consent, we may collect data about how you use your applications/games in order to help our developers improve their apps. If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.

Disclosure to Third Parties At times P.R.I.M.E Studio may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work with P.R.I.M.E Studio to provide products and services, or that help P.R.I.M.E Studio market to customers. Personal information will only be shared by P.R.I.M.E Studio to improve our products, services; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes AT ALL.

Service Providers P.R.I.M.E Studio shares personal information with companies who provide services such as fulfilling customer orders, and conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your information and may be located wherever P.R.I.M.E Studio operates.

Others It may be necessary - by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence - for P.R.I.M.E Studios to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.

If you agree to these: http://goo.gl/forms/3ai8AafxjJ
